Update README.md - fix typos and use better wording (#57)
ekwoka/eslint-plugin-filename-export: README.md

- `filename-export/match-named-export` - Enforces that the filename matches to a named export.
- `filename-export/match-default-export` - Enforces that filenames match the name of the default export.

These rules ignore index files, test/spec files, and files with no relevant exports by default. Additionally, the `match-named-export` rule will ignore files with a default export.

> If you want to add additional filename exemptions, use the ESLint's building filename overrides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add additional filename exemptions, use the ESLint's built-in filename overrides.
```

Whoops, I was wrong before, but now it's also wrong.
